what do you think what happened to her
in exter together that he was from
someone in this basement
[music]
with
that is not with
[music]
around two children who have disappeared and a
dead boy who has not yet been identified
if a door is raised in the middle of
the search warrant for the area of
kernkraft maybe is
medium injured as a
result i can be possible for you i need
room
[music]
who are you why do you
think i became here ulrich and i became
here
[music]
something  Did you say
I come from the future
first day as a father, the
upcoming thing was always right
thank you
[music]
my parents have been sleeping in separate beds for a year,
my mother on it and
that my father is really
great too this broken nobody
speaks it out
who is only
[music]
i'm only pastor of the st christophorus
parish ines called
me i want that was okay for me was
just up  a shitty experiences
type of construction
[music]
i'm next
i know
i'm only
[music]
2009/10 i traveled through time to
from means michael because never
had to belong where
if you let this i am already done
everything is together  connected
mikel michael
[music]
other group no other home
how little we understand about the world
somewhere in the cave there is a
crack in time or something and mikkel hangs
around here and will eventually become my father
even if  Don't believe that
there is your father that ullrich is my
grandfather and martha the aunt will
you bring him back now then you have
your own existence house
your role in old me will grow much
bigger i don't know who
said that i didn't have  raped i
don't love i wanted that but you
will never hurt me
that will never do
[music]
but i have seen the same man
now no not the driver the other
but he was not a day older he looked
exactly as he did 33 years
ago charlotte the question cannot be
answered leads to say
i was right oops now but 19
[music]
[applause]
[  Music]
have you ever heard of the
chain of tricks in a third dimension
is not perfect want is not just
an up and a down
there is also a middle
gunnar solar cycle in which
everything repeats itself every 33 years my name is
agnes miegels m & s said we are nine
bind
you are defying
[music]
as previously thought but that is a
bit of pressure we put on the construction
site
my brother back now but me later
than when I tell you that everything was
in your book,
time travel is possible  there is
such a thing but here is broken you have to
repair
that i can't
these are also your initials you have
built a portal through which you can go
33 years in the past and 33
years  can travel to the future yes the
apparatus is also able to repeat the
same process to
you we want to create another borehole now
no i want to put the existing one
[music]
the passage of time
haig is dead he will never be able to kill again
But I told you about my mother and
why the grandpa told me I had nothing
either huge or nothing better
come on come I said you
should excuse yourselves
[music]
the two hotels from here quickly
if you hurt again
I'll finish  only a
negligible amount of radioactive
leaked out
we have removed the entire
soil and put everything in safe custody the shift supervisor income
full
employees helge
[music]
the cooler
we want number one in their hearts
this is our work and i am only
for this energy  told then
we can change everything then we determine
the fate of the world far away must
be me  am claudia your grandmother
[music]
i wasn't a very good mother of
the two
i want you to finish the court
they were right
everything happened that way
this result says i have work for you
but under one condition
you are not allowed to talk about it then
i start  to
[music]
i want you to find what it should be for me, let's
say it is something that
will move the time
[music]
pfronten klavier before we have to bring it to an end
,
why do you have  killed
the children i did not kill the children i
tried to save them
the past influences the
future also the future influences the
past 137 cs a radioactive
isotope and chelsea
as new systems
that is a lie he is not
chosen you are not car but choose
if  the world is not from evil
everything she said happened in the
last eight days the shop
is standing
have me one  locked
that wasn't me that was just a
prototype of a time machine
you are the guinea pig for the
passage in the cave that stands exactly under
this bunker it is open the
energy of this room
i am you my name is jonas soon
cannot let go because then you
will not become what i am today i
change my past now
i also remember my present
destroy the hole what he does not know is
that he is the trigger for it we say
that it even exists a
paradox from outside there are two
groups around the domination over that
travel through time fighting
light and shadow
we listen to the light
your grandmother claudia we
sadly never to the shadow
[music]
where am i not welcome the
future
[music]